Salesforce Connector Processing Events Topic - DOCS-11024 (#1484)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: salesforce/10.11/modules/ROOT/pages/salesforce-connector-processing-events.adoc

[[objectstoreusage]]
== Object Store Usage in Events

Both Salesforce Connector and Mule runtime engine (Mule) use an object store to persist data for features such as automatic message replay and message redelivery:

* The object store included in Mule for on-premises deployments of Mule apps has no transaction limits.
* The free version of Object Store for CloudHub deployments of Mule apps has a limit of 10 transactions per second.

For more information about Object Store versions, see https://docs.mulesoft.com/object-store/#object-store-notes[Object Store Notes].

=== Replay Topic Listener and Replay Channel Listener Operations

The *Replay topic* and *Replay channel listener* operations can continue from the last replay ID they received before restarting the application.

When a Mule app starts for the first time, the connector creates an object store that saves data:

* If there are no failed events, the source starts from the event associated with the last successfully processed event ID.
* If there are one or more failed events, the source starts with the event associated with the lowest replay ID that failed.

> Saving this change data capture in an object store ensures that no message is processed twice and that when the application restarts, it can reprocess any failed messages. The IDs are stored in the object store for 72 hours, after which they are automatically removed.

Reviewer: change data capture? Is that right?

Author: I checked this on Google and change data capture is used a lot. Here is an example:

Author: If you look on Google, you will see that it is used extensively as a term, so I am going to leave it. (When we come back to this topic, one of us can verify with the engineers.)

+
If the application stops and restarts, or if a connection issue triggers a reconnection, the data saved in the object store enables the connector to continue processing messages at the point where it stopped.
* When a Mule app runs in a cluster with the nodes either on the same machine or on different machines, Mule uses a distributed in-memory object store:
** If the primary node (the one consuming the messages) shuts down, the node that takes over for the primary node does not reprocess the same messages. Instead, the node continues from where the previous node stopped processing the messages.
** If the cluster stops, the data from the object store is lost. When the cluster restarts, the configuration at the source level determines whether the connector reprocesses the messages.

+
To persist data so that the app continues processing events when restarted, create a persistent object store, as described in xref:mule-runtime::creating-and-managing-a-cluster-manually.adoc[Create and Manage a Cluster Manually].
* If you use multiple workers when running the app in CloudHub, all of the workers receive and process the events.

== Multiple Flows That Use the Same Source

> If you have two or more flows use a source that listens to events on the same channel or topic, the events are consumed two or more times from your user quota. To avoid this, consider implementing that logic in a single flow instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have two or more flows that use a source that listens to events on the same channel or topic, the events are consumed two or more times from your user quota. To avoid this, consider implementing that logic in a single flow instead.
```

The *Resume from the Last Replay Id* checkbox enables you to specify an automatic replay of stored events based on the Replay ID of the last event processed by the connector. You can use this functionality when the connector stops listening, such as a during a server shutdown or dropped connection. If the stored Replay ID is outside the 24-hour retention period, the replay option determines which events to replay.

To support the resume from the last replay ID feature, the connector uses a persistent object store to keep details regarding the processed messages. This feature reduces the possibility of message loss and avoids processing duplicate messages. For more information about how the object store is used, see <<objectstoreusage,Object Store Usage in Events>>.

=== Push Events to a Streaming Channel with No Listener

Users can push events to a streaming channel, even if the channel does not have a listener for reading published events. After a listener is started for the channel, Salesforce Streaming API pushes as many messages as it can to the listener, based on the maximum daily limit.

> For example, given that the maximum number of delivered event notifications within a 24-hour period for a free Salesforce organization is 10,000, suppose you publish 15,000 events to that channel. When Salesforce Connector subscribes to that channel, Streaming API attempts to push 10,000 events, thus consuming the daily quota. The API then attempts to push the remaining 5,000 events the next day, before pushing any new events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the maximum number of delivered event notifications within a 24-hour period for a free Salesforce organization is 10,000. If you publish 15,000 events to that channel, when Salesforce Connector subscribes to that channel, Streaming API attempts to push 10,000 events, thus consuming the daily quota. The API then attempts to push the remaining 5,000 events the next day, before pushing any new events.
```

Author: Taking a blend of your wording and mine. I like to keep the sentences as short as I can.
